So, you're finally a Mage! Congratulations on joining the best guild on
Darkwind! You have come far in your learnings, but now, I suppose, you
will want to learn a bit more about your new way of life.

Magi, by their nature, are good creatures. Therefore, they must be of at
least neutral alignment to cast any spell. If you have evil alignment,
you will not be able to cast anything.

Also, because of our brotherly link, we can all talk with one another, free
of charge, no matter where we are on the MUD. You can talk to your kindred
Magi by typing "mage <message>." The commands "m" and "ma" also work.
You also can show your emotions over this link by "emage <emotion>" or,
more simply, "em <emotion>." If you wish to know how many of your brethren
are on at any given time, you may find this out by typing "magi" or "mages".
If you are doing something important, like entering a note or mudmailing
someone, you can choose not to listen to the conversation on your link to
the other Magi by typing "guild mage muff."

So that they may better run the guild, all GuildMasters (those of Guild Level
15 only) have a special link, which they can use by "gmage <message>", or,
more simply, "gm <message>." They may also show their emotions to the other
GuildMasters by typing "egm <emotion>."

You may view this file at any time by typing "magehelp", "helpmage", or,
more simply, "mh".

If you discover a problem with the guild, you can report it by using the
"bug" command. Please, make use of this command. If you are found to be
exploiting a bug within the guild, you will be punished. Even if you *THINK*
it *MIGHT* be a bug, it is important that you report it, because if you are
caught using it, the penalties would be severe.

You can find a list of all the spells, and those you have access to via the
"spells" command. If you need help on a certain spell, you can just type
"help <spellname>."

There are a few emotes specific to the guild that you can use. To see a list
of them use the "magehelp emotes" command. If you have an idea for another
mage emote you would like to see, use the "idea" command.

If you have any questions about your new guild, please leave notes on the
board in the guild hall.
