SHOPS and INNS in the realm of Darkwind

	There are a variety of shops, inns, pubs, and stores in the city 
of Darkwind, to provide for your every adventuring need.  In 
addition to the main shop, which you may be familiar with from your 
journeys in similar lands, there are several "specialty" stores that 
deal exclusively with certain types of items of specific interest.  The 
shopkeep of the main general store is something of a miser and 
haggles shrewdly.  Thus it will be to your benefit to explore 
Darkwind City and find the specialty shops, which buy at much 
better prices.  Some stores, such as the town armoury, do not buy 
equipment, only sell.  This is because no one really wants a used 
weapon that may break more easily, so only new weapons and 
armour are sold there.
	Likewise, you are probably familiar with the village pub.  You 
will stop by there often, because the operator has a nearly exclusive 
license to sell alcohol in the realm.  As alcohol is widely known for its 
curative properties, there is little doubt you will want to drink 
deeply and often.  Adventuring is a rough life, after all.  You may 
find alternative methods of healing, but they are somewhat more 
rare, and thus very valuable if you come across them.
	Darkwind has a small chapel in which amorous players may 
wed.  Directly south of the church is a flower shop where you can 
purchase bouquets for the wedding, or just deliver flowers to your 
friends to express your affection.
	There is also a delivery service, next door to the post office.  
They will deliver almost any parcel, within certain restrictions.
	As a closing note, it should be said that just as in real life, the 
shops and inns of Darkwind fall prey to burglars and robbers 
occasionally and are thus forced to close for a period of time.  They 
will open again when they have regained enough financial stability 
to do so.  Although it is an inconvenience to mortals, the wizards of 
the realm have had little success in policing such larcenous activities.
