
                      |CKBDarkwind's Guide to New Adventurers
                      |BKB-----------------------------------

     |WKBFor those players just starting out here at Darkwind, I, High Sage
     Segovia, Master of the great Library of Telthar have taken it upon  
     myself to write a piece of parchment in the hopes of making life
     for the new adventurer an easier task. Many years have passed       
     since I shared that little bit of knowledge I had gained from my     
     years talking with other adventurers. During those years I          
     continued to collect bits and pieces of information gleaned from    
     their stories. Alas my intention of continuously updating the        
     parchment got buried as the mounds of information grew. For a        
     time I lost sight of the reason for the collection. Until one day   
     an elder came to visit me. Over a cup of wine he reminisced about   
     his youth. And then he thanked me for the start the scroll gave     
     him. And he marveled at how the world had changed and grown since   
     he first read it. It was then that I realized my folly. I had allowed 
     the act of collecting the information take over the reason for          
     for its need. I set out that night to compose a new scroll. Well
     into the darkness I found that the size of my collection was such
     that it reflected the growth of the world around me. And for that 
     reason I now offer you this book. And my sincere apologies for   
     the delay in its publication.                                    

     If you are new to Darkwind but have traveled through many similar  
     worlds you need not read the first chapter of this book as it is    
     directed only at those who have never ventured outside their own    
     world. It is my hope that you will carry this book with you as you  
     travel and read from it while you rest.                              
                                                                         
                    Segovia Loire                                       
                        High Sage to the Library of Telthar
