                            |CKBChapter 7 - Equipment
                      |BKB-----------------------------------
     
     |WKBTo begin with you will not need a great deal of equipment. Some light
     body armour and a weapon should suffice. Weight is important to combat,
     and if you are overencumbered you will fight more slowly. To check
     your weight, type |YKO'weight'|WKB. You can get equipment from the Newbie shop
     (|CKO4w,s|WKB) from the donation room (|CKO5n,e|WKB), from the Smithy (|WKO6n,w|WKB), from the
     shop (|CKO5w,2s,w|WKB) or from the NPCs that you kill.
     
     There are 8 different types of armour: body, leg, hands, feet, head,
     about body, neck, and finger. Some armours will have magical qualities
     that offer extra special protection. As you adventure and grow in levels
     you will determine which armours suit you best.
     
     There are many types of weapons. One of the strongest factors in 
     determining which weapon to use is Guild restrictions. Different guilds
     have different preferences for weapon types. You can increase your
     effectiveness with a particular weapon by specializing in that type. 
     The Weapons Training Hall is |CKO2s,w|WKB.

     Since combat here is done differently than anywhere else, how weapons
     work is done differently. A level 1 player with the most powerful 
     non-magical weapon in the game will not do well here. Each weapon has a 
     range that is most effective for certain levels. Low level players will 
     do much better with lower power weapons than they will with a weapon that 
     was not designed for them. Magical weapons, of course, can bend this rule, 
     but even then a magic weapon designed for a high level player will not work
     well in the hands of a lower level player. This isn't to say that low
     level players only get wimpy weapons, it just means that players can get
     powerful weapons comparable to their level.   

     Once you have weapons and armour, never adventure without a light source.
     Bags remain useful for gear you intend to keep. If you carry a corpse
     burner, |YKO'set autosell on'|WKB sends ordinary weapons and armour from
     NPC corpses directly to Taylor. His normal Charisma and reputation price
     applies, less a 10 percent handling charge; noteworthy gear stays behind.
     Alternatively, |YKO'set autorefine on'|WKB permanently converts every
     refinery-eligible equipment drop into saved profession materials. The two
     options cannot be active together, and enabling either disables the other.
