                          |CKBChapter 6 - Food and Drink
                      |BKB-----------------------------------

     |WKBDarkwind has a player owned pub and inn system. You can purchase
     food and alcohol at pubs and inns in any of the major cities.      
     Food and Drink is created through a magical process which requires  
     ash from corpses. It is all level based, so you need to check the    
     level requirement listed in the menu at the pub or inn.              
                                                                          
     Food will heal you once by the amount listed in the menu. You can    
     only eat a limited amount of food before becoming satiated. The      
     amount that you can eat is determined by your level and the level    
     for which the food is created.                                      
                                                                       
     Alcohol will heal you by the amount listed in the menu and also     
     will make you intoxicated. When you are intoxicated you heal both    
     hitpoints and spellpoints faster. As with food the amount you can     
     drink before being too intoxicated is determined by your level and  
     the level for which the alcohol was created.   
                                                                        
     If you notice an empty menu or your favorite food/alcohol is not
     in stock then the inn/pub is out of ash. There are three types of
     ash -- |RKBred, |BKBblue, |WKBand |WKOgrey|WKB. The color of ash is generally related
     to the continent where it was obtained. Darkwind has grey ash, 
     Kerei and Hyperborea have blue ash, and Souvrael, Underworld and
     Talamh Darag have red.  Grey ash is used as the base for all meals 
     and drinks. Blue ash is for high sp food/drink and red is for high 
     hp. Ash is obtained by burning corpses with a corpse burner. Inns and 
     pubs pay for ash, so this is a good way to make gold. If you do not 
     have a corpse burner you can get one by pushing a button in any inn 
     or pub except for the newbie inn. Look at the processor to see the 
     payout for ash at that inn or pub. Look at the burner for instructions
     on its use.
