                      |CKBChapter 2 - Getting Started
                     |BKB-----------------------------------

     |WKBWhen you complete character creation, you will find yourself
     in the adventurer's guild.  The Center of Town (COT) is n, e from
     there.  COT is the 4-way intersection on the map of Darkwind, and
     all the directions in this book start from there.

     To begin adventuring you will need equipment. Erga's Newbie 
     Shop (4 west, 1 south) will give you free equipment.  At level 2 
     you will have access to the donation room (5n,e). Here you can 
     get equipment donated by higher level players. Please return it 
     when you are done with it so that the next Newbie will have access 
     to it. Remember to wear and wield all. You can do this with one
     command by typing 'equip'.  |YKOFor more on Equipment read Chapter 7.|WKB
                                                                         
     Now that you have equipment you will want to gain experience 
     and gold so that you can gain levels. The Adventurers' Guild (w,s)   
     will give you an idea of how much gold and experience is required    
     for your next level. Keep in mind that levels are only the ability    
     to further increase your stats. So in most cases it is generally
     best to spend experience on stats until you get the message that
     says you must increase your level before gaining more stats (See
     help stats). There are occasions where you might decide to skip 
     stats in order to get to the next level more quickly. Keep in mind 
     when you do this that you have not gained the power of the next level.
                                                                             
     When you kill something you will want to get the gold and the loot 
     from the corpse. You can get all from corpse. Or you can burn the 
     corpse with a corpse burner (See Chapter 6) and get all. You can 
     sell the loot in the shop (5w,2s,w). When you leave the game you 
     will want to sell or donate all of your equipment. Coins that you 
     have on hand will save with your character but equipment will not. 
     Guilds have storage rooms to store equipment during the current 
     uptime. Equipment cannot be saved through reboots. You can put
     your extra coins in the bank (5w,3s,e) for safe keeping and so
     that you have something to start with if you should die.

     Death happens. It is part of the game. Luckily it isn't permanent.
     If you should happen to die, you can go to the church (5w,n) and
     pray. When you die you will lose one from each stat, all of the
     experience you have on hand and one level. Note that this penalty
     does not exist if you are level 5 or lower. Until then, praying
     at the church will restore all of your stats and your level.
     Some guilds have the ability to raise people from the dead. This 
     saves them some of the stat loss, but not the level or the
     experience on hand. You can get someone to avenge your death. This
     is a way to get some experience back (|YKOhelp deathavengement|WKB). Don't
     do this if you are level 5 or below, because Dierdre works every
     time. :-)
