                      |CKB Chapter 4 - Domains
                   |BKB-----------------------------------

     |WKBDarkwind is divided up into a number of different areas called
     Domains or Continents. When you enter the game you begin in the
     Continent of Darkwind. There are five other domains: Souvrael,
     Hyperborea, Kerei, Talamh Darag, and Underworld.
     
     Each domain has its own theme. Souvrael is a desert, and you must
     carry water with you as you explore, lest you die of thirst.
     Hyperborea is a frozen wasteland where the icy cold air can kill
     you if you are not properly attired. Kerei is a jungle, complete
     with malaria inflicting mosquitoes. Talamh Darag is a mystical
     woodland based on celtic folklore and inhabited by many wondrous 
     races such as elves, faeries or dwarves. Underworld can be as 
     dangerous as it sounds. Here you will find thieves, drow, orcs 
     and even the undead.
     
     There are a number of different ways to reach these domains. A ship
     called the Fairweather will take you from realm to realm for a small
     fee. Tickets can be purchased in the Harbour Master's office
     (3e,2s,e,s,w). You can catch the ship 3 east of the Ticket Office.
     Players can purchase ships of their own if they tire of waiting for
     Fairweather. Do not try to swim to these realms. The ocean currents
     are strong, and you will surely drown. You can, however, fly there.
     Magical potions, special guild powers and items can allow you to fly
     through the skies. Directions for flying and sailing ships can be
     purchased in the scroll shop (6n,e). You can even have a Mage teleport
     you to some of them.

     The |YKO'where'|WKB command will tell you which Domain you are in, and possibly
     the name of the wizard to whom the Realm belongs.

     When you quit your session using the |WKO"quit"|WKB command, the game
     will remember which domain you were in when you quit and you'll
     start in that domain when you log in again. Since we recognize
     that newbies might want to explore yet restart back in Darkwind,
     newbies can use the |WKO"realm"|WKB command to set things up so that
     they'll always start back in Darkwind, regardless of where they
     were when they quit. To enable this feature, type |WKO"realm off"|WKB
     and to reenable it so that you start in the realm where you quit,
     type |WKO"realm on"|WKB. For more information, type |CKO"help realm"|WKB.
