These are the rules for a wizard.
 
1. You may not help other players, even if they lost points due to
   lost connection. They have to go to the post office and ask an ARCH+,
   or use bug.
 
2. Never attack a player or kill him. If a player behaves badly, file
   the complaint to an ARCH or SAGE.
 
3. Do not make 'deadly' traps. A player must never die because he didn't
   know what happens in the next room. If some room is very dangerous,
   make some hint (like the giant footprints beside the giant lair).
 
4. Never initialize the destination of an object outside your castle.
   You are not alloed to make a monster that can walk outside your
   castle period.
 
5. Never generate messages that looks like something it isn't (good
   and precise rule :-). That is, don't try to fool the player that
   someone says something when it isn't true etc.
 
6. If you have a "test" character, make sure is isn't seen in the top
   score list.  He must not be a wizard either.  He must also be set
   to a test character by using the following command on him:
     set_testchar <wizardsname>.
 
7. Try to avoid making devices, situations which makes the players
   loose experience if they are adventuring or examining objects.
   Players should be rewarded for adventuring and discovering things.
   If they get killed... Well, they will then loose some experience,
   but this is a special case!
 
8. The game is supposed to be in the "long distant past", and thus no
   modern things should exist. If you want some kind of airplane, use a
   flying horse instead etc.
 
9. If you make available some kind food or drink that heals, then the
   healing must cost on average 4 gp/hp (or more). The amount of healing
   must also be limited per reset.
 
10.Teleporting items should be VERY restricted, and very rare. They must
   not allow teleportations to anywhere, but only to one or more predefined
   room. Never to a specific player. It must cost at least 50 spell points
   to use each time.
 
11.Never give objects or money to players ever!  If you have something
   that you need tested out, either og on your test character or have
   another wizard help you out.
 
For additional information: 'read basics'.
