Being A Weapon Specialist - The Inside Story

Specializing in a weapon allows you to do exactly that - become a
'specialist' in the use of that weapon type.  The most basic advantage
of being a specialist is that as you use the weapon, you will find
yourself getting better at using it, as well as doing more damage with
every hit.  However, because of your focus on that particular weapon
type, your ability with other weapons will be less than it would if
you were not a specialist.

There are three categories which describe weapons:

First, size.  This is the only category which must be specified in
order to specialize.  Weapons come in four sizes: small, medium,
large, and huge.  A character may specialize in any of three
sizes: small, medium, or large.  Each size also grants specialization
in the next larger size, so a character who chooses small weapons
is specialized in small and medium, while a character who chooses
large is specialized in large and huge.

Second, damage type.  There are four possibilities here: slash,
pierce, blunt, and cleave.  Choosing a damage type is not
required; however, a character who chooses a damage type will
benefit more from specialization than one who does not.  The
character can choose two damage types, in which case he
specializes in weapons that do both damage types.
If the combination is any except slash/pierce, the damage is
even greater than the bonus for specializing in one damage
type, but this is not true if the combination is slash/pierce.

Third, weapon type.  Most weapons are regular melee weapons
and require no specification of type.  However, there are
two special categories that a character can specialize in,
and choosing either of these categories adds an extra bonus
to the character's damage with the weapon.  The categories
are missile and polearm.

Once you begin your specialization training, you will find
yourself getting better with practice.  When the time is
right, you may return here to train to a higher level of
weapon specialization, gaining even more of a benefit with
your chosen weapon type.  There are ten levels of weapon
specialization, each more difficult to attain than the
one before.

If you should so choose, you may change your weapon
specialization choice by retraining here.  However,
you will lose nearly all benefit from your old specialization.
If your newly chosen specialization shares one characteristic
with your old, you will retain a third of your training,
up to a training level of three. If your newly chosen
specialization shares two characteristics with your old,
you may retain half of your training, up to a training
level of five. If your new specialization is completely
unlike your old, you must start completely over.

Be sure to keep your guild restrictions in mind when
choosing a weapon in which to specialize.

Read 'help types' for more information on weapon
sizes and damage types.
