			***  Congratulations!  ***

		You have now become a Wizard.

	Your repertoire of commands have now been extended with some new
Wizard commmands. You can get help for those by typing "help lpc", "help build",
 "help wizhelp" and "help locals". This will list the various wizard
help files, which can then be read by typing "help <subject>", just like normal
player helps.  For subdirectories of these, simple type "help <directory>", and
it will list the contents.  To read this file again, type "help NEW_WIZ".
	These new powers MUST be used sensibly! From now on you are bound by the
rules that you will find by typing the command "help RULES". Do this as your
first action when you stop reading this text.  Following these rules is very 
important.  If you fail to do so, you could LOSE YOUR WIZARDHOOD.
	Remember, the mud IS case sensitive, so "help rules" won't work, but
"help RULES" will.

		Good luck!  Now for useful information you may wish to know:

Being a Wizard on DarkWind
---------------------------

	Congratulations. The fact that you are reading this probably means 
	that you have just become a Wizard on DarkWind.

First of all, try to remember this at all times
-----------------------------------------------

	As a wizard, you have immense powers. But, with those powers comes
	responsibility - so always think before you do anything. For example,
	it is possible to move a room's exits, to crash the game, and to kill
	all the players. And it IS possible to do all these things 
	accidentally, so PLEASE be careful!

	Remember that as far as the game is concerned you are NO LONGER
	a part of it. Wizards do not play the game, they are above that
	and participate only by adding new ideas, like plots and rooms.

	If you don't know what you are doing, then you probably shouldn't
	do it. If you know what you are doing, but not if you should do it,
	then you probably shouldn't do that either.

The file structure is a tree
----------------------------

	DarkWind mimics the file system hierarchy and file handling 
	commands of UNIX. A directory is a set of files, where those "files"
	can be both normal files and other directories. Everything starts 
	with the so-called root directory, the name of which is "/" (at least
	from inside DarkWind!).

	As in UNIX, a file or a directory is referred to by its file name or
	its path name, i.e. for example "thing.c" and "/players/alarian/thing.c".
	The rooms in the "basic" DarkWind world are in the directory "/room",
	and the objects (like the weapon and monster objects) are in "/obj".
	Each wizard has his/her own home directory, called, for example,
	"/players/alarian".

Some commands for handling files:
---------------------------------
	ls      - list the files in a directory
	cd      - change the current directory
	pwd     - show the present working directory    
	cat     - print the contents of a file on the screen
	more    - print the contents of a file, approx. one screenful at a time
	tail    - print the last few lines of a file
	ed      - edit a file using DarkWind's built-in, line-oriented, editor
	cp      - copy a file
	mv      - move a file
	rm      - remove a file

Where do I find the documentation?
----------------------------------
The following commands will give you info on the documentation:

	help wiz        - list of Wizard commands
	help lpc        - list of lpc functions
	help locals     - list of major local functions
	help build      - documentation on building things
	help helpdir    - player helps

	By typing "help <str>", you can get info on subject "<str>", where
"<str>" is any item that appears in the above listings.  For instance,
"help README.3.0-DR" will give you the info in that file.  Help scans through 
all the doc directories and tries to find the subject you want.

	It can happen that you won't find what you look for in the
documentation.  In that case, either ask another wizard, read the code (which
actually contains some very useful comments sometimes), or find out by testing.

	One of the first things you should do is to read the entire contents of 
documentation that "help wiz" makes available.  This is not as much work as it 
seems and it really pays off very soon, since you later will remember where 
to look for explanations of commands and routines.

	Remember also that the Arch Wizards and Elders have as part of their 
duties the obligation to help other wizards with their problems.

	I especially want to point out that the information on the editor "ed"
can be found in "help ed". "ed" is the editor you will be using for most of
your work. You can get help from inside of "ed" by typing "h".
	You can read almost any file with the command "more", as in:
"more /obj/object.c" or just "more object.c" if you have changed into "/obj"
with "cd /obj". Doing a "?" while in "more" will show you some of its useful
sub-fuctions, like numbered backpaging.

Object-oriented programming in DarkWind
----------------------------------------

	When you play DarkWind, everything you encounter (weapons, monsters,
players, rooms etc.) are OBJECTS. Each object is an INSTANCE of a CLASS of
objects.  One class can INHERIT part of its design from another class.

	An instance of an object is either created by CLONING or LOADING the
object class, and each object is described in a file, written in a C-like
language called LPC.

	These "objects" are the programs that make up the game. All program
code that you write as a Wizard or encounter as part of the standard world
will be part of a description of an object or a class of objects that can be
loaded and cloned.
	
	Many of the objects use a feature known as "inheritance", in order to
save time and resources.  there are many "standard objects" that have special
functions that allow you to customize them with a minimum of work.


Loading, cloning and updating
-----------------------------

	"Loading an object" means the process of taking an object file, for
example "/obj/object.c", and reading it into the game.  This is done as soon
as that object is called for any way.  For example, if a function in the
object is called from another object, or if another object tries to enter it
(as when a player walks into a room), then the object is loaded.

	When the object is loaded, one instance of the object class is created.
If there should be only one instance, as for example for (most) rooms, this is
enough.

	If you need to create several instances of a class of objects, you
clone it. Objects can be cloned using the wizard command "clone", as in
"clone /obj/misc/torch", and with the LPC function clone_object(), as in
	
	this_torch = clone_object("obj/misc/torch");

	Cloning an object will cause it to be loaded, if it wasn't already.

	When you have changed the description of an object by editing the file,
and want to load the new version of the object, you can use the wizard command
"update". Then load (or clone) the new version. If the object in question is a
room, a "goto ROOMNAME" will load the room as well.


LPC
---

	LPC is a dialect of C and differs from C mainly in being simplified 
and in that it allows for handling the objects. It has only four data 
types (plus arrays of those data types), fewer operators and a simplified
control structure.

	Note that before the contents of a file is read it is run through
the standard C pre-processor. This program can be used to insert other
files into the file being read, and to define constants and macros.
Lines starting with "#", as the lines (no blanks before the #!):

#include "config.h"
#define INSURANCE_LIMIT 1000
#define CLONE(var, file) var = clone_object(file);
	
are all commands to the p                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          