These are the rules for a wizard.

1. You should try to avoid giving out free exp,objects, or money,
   etc... In the event of a crash or ligetimate loss of some sort
   they have to go to the post office and mail an admin of the game
   or use bug.

2. Never attack a player or kill him.
   If a player behaves badly, file the complaint to the Admin.

3. Do not make 'deadly' trapps. A player must never die because he didn't
   know what happens in the next room. If some room is very dangerous,
   make some hint (like the giant footprints beside the giant lair).
   this does not dissalow 'death traps' it just means that through some 
   process of deduction they should be able to figure it will happen...
   for instance.. if they are storming the villians base... they should
   expect a surprise attack at any moment, no warnings needed. But if they're
   walking down market street, they should at least here a milisecond
   advance warning, if they pass thier perception check :-)

4. Your 'area' should be composed of many entrances an exits, such as building
   lots of 1-4 room areas, connected by plot line only. Use the city to it's
   fullest potential, make it your ally in coding, not opponant. look at
   build castle for help on giving your area multiple entrances...

5. You may not make objects which interfere with the wizard commands.
   For example, do not make objects which don't allow "destruct."

6. Do not make copies of standard objects like monster.c, weapon.c, and so
   on without asking a god, as they take immense amounts of memory.  If it's
   something you think should be in that thing, ask.  It might already
   actually be there.  If not we might just add it to the standard file.
   Also remember inherit.

7. You may not build things which do not conform to the rules and
   guidlines specified in /public/docs/build/RULES,

8. Try to avoid making devices or situations which make players loose
   experience if they are adventuring or examining objects. Players should be
   rewarded for adventuring and discovering things. If they get killed...
   Well, they will then lose some experience, but this is a special case!

9.  Use the character 'test' , with the password '123456' for any situations
    where you need to test something, he should be modifyable by typing
    ed /players/people/test.o (test is the only character a non-admin can edit).
    if it says New Character on test.. then make him with this password.

10. Under all circunstances you MUST use the exit defines in room.c
    to define all obvious exits of ANY room you make. The reason for this is
    1) disk space, and 2) room.c has several special functions in it, rooms
    without which would come accross as 'un-real' to players. For this reason
    I have designed certain parts of the life routines to be dependant on room.c
    such that rooms not using it give errors.
    To use room.c simply inherit it and set the variables. Look at any standard
    room to see how this is done.

11. WIZARD ITEMS
    will not be allowed in /player/NAME directory's, all wizard item's must be
    stored in /open, this rule is here to discourage thier creation, as
    the only reason people ever make them is to get access to powers they're 
    not suppossed to have (and since -B makes all wiz's get all the powers
    there is even less point to this).

12. Never generate messages that looks like something it isn't (good and precise
    rule :-). That is, don't try to fool the player that someone says something
    when it isn't true etc. More or less...

13.  Genre: Industrial fantasy. You must stick to the genre when designing
    things.  If you do not the mud will seem 'inconsistant' and lose it's sense
    of 'realism', etc...
