                             Dragon Basic Info

Dragons become self-aware at the age of 17. Before that, as a hatchling, you
are barely better than an animal. You feed, you have some instincts, but not
the self-awareness of what you truly are. Once you are self-aware, you find
yourself in your Darkwinder form to fit in with the people around you.

Dragons come in many forms, the basics groups are the Chromatic, the Gem,
and the Metal. Each group has different types, and each group gets a
different bonus and penalty. Each Dragon type also deals with a different
damage type, and becomes immune to that type of damage. Before you are able
to transform back to your true Dragon form, you have to 'declare' your
choice. That is the form you will take the rest of your life, so choose
wisely. You can 'dhelp align' to see those choices.

In your Dragon form, you have certain limitations. You cannot drink
alcohol. You cannot carry more than one item in your clutches.

In your Dragon form, you do have some advantages. Your Dragon hide is tough,
and only gets tougher as you age and level. Your ability to fly is magical,
and therefore you don't get blown off course in the sky. Your claw and bite
attacks get fiercer, and you get more of them as you level. Your stat
bonuses and penalties increase with your stats.

As far as your Dragon age, you only age while you are online. If you are
online playing moderately, you should age one year every week. If you
are found to be abusing triggers to stay online just to age, you will be
banished and will lose the ability to have any mythic characters. The time
it takes to age is one of the key balancing points to the guild, and if you
abuse it, you only weaken the guild, or get yourself banished.

No matter where you log out, you will always log in at the Oracle of Aal in
DarkWind. That is the spiritual home of the Dragons, and puts you next to
your lair. Every lair has a copy of the Dragon board so you can post messages
without worry about spam. Objects you leave in your lair should last until
we reboot. Your lair is private, and only for you. Other Dragons, and those
not of Dragon blood are not permitted inside. There are more than enough
other places in the world to meet up with them.

If you come across any bugs, please bug them. If you have ideas, please
idea them, or post them on the board if you wish others to discuss it. If
there is something about the guild which makes it difficult to play, or
really kills the "fun" don't be afraid to post about that as well.
