                            Leatherworking

    Leatherworking allows you to create armour from various hides
you've skinned from various monsters around the world. The hides are
processed into leathers, which you then use to make the armour. It
takes 5 hides to make 1 leather.

Getting started:
  1. Buy profession tools in the profession building, 4e, n from Center of
     Town.
  2. Use 'skin corpse' after killing a skinnable creature, or hire a
     skinning worker.
  3. Convert hides into leathers in the leatherworking room.
  4. Use 'quickcraft <type> <slot> <main leather> <secondary>'.

    Druids can use their silver sickle instead of a skinning knife.

    Leatherworkers can make two types of armour - hide and studded.
They can make boots, chests, legs, and helmets of either kind. The
four main leather types are cow, bear, reptile, and dragon. All
crafted cow armour starts with no level restriction, bear
starts at level 20, reptile at 45, and dragon at level 65.

    Cow armour can be made by anyone, but your skill will max at 100
crafting them. Bear armour needs a skill of 60, and will max at 200.
Reptile armour requires a skill of 100, and will max at 500. Dragon
armour needs a skill of 200 to craft, and will max at 1000.

    When making hide armour, you can add other leathers for extra
bindings to strengthen the armour. When making studded armour, you 
can add metal studs to the armour to strengthen the armour. The 
added bindings and studs add extra effects to the armour.

    All armour uses 6 Cow Leather as the base, even if you are
making a piece of Dragon Leather armour. Bear, Reptile and Dragon
armour each require 6 leathers of their type. If you are adding 
bindings or studs, each piece uses 4 leathers/studs.

    When making cow hide, your secondary has to be none, as cow hide
cannot be enhanced with bindings. When making cow studded armour, the
secondary metal can only be copper. Neither the cow hide nor cow 
studded armour will have extra enhancements however.

    All Bear, Reptile and Dragon armours have an innate of bonus of 1 hp.
Bear armours will have special enhancements of 1. Reptile armours will
have special enhancements of 3. Dragon armours will have special
enhancements of 5. The enhancements are based off the bindings or studs
of the armour, or the base hide if you don't add a binding to hide.

    In the leatherworking room in the profession building, you can convert
hides into leathers. It takes 5 hides to make 1 leather, regardless of the
type of hide.

    Leatherworking also supports utility recipe outputs such as crafted
bags and repair kits. Recipe cards can be read, then used with
'manufacture card' while the card is in your inventory. Leather goods and
materials may also be requested by profession work orders.

    Crafted profession gear can be improved with
'inlay <crafted item> with <shard>' in the profession building. Leatherworking
inlays use saved shards from your profession materials:

    Amber Shard - Poison Resist       Onyx Shard - Constitution
    Beryl Shard - Strength            Pearl Shard - Charisma
    Bloodstone Shard - Disease Resist Sapphire Shard - Dexterity
    Garnet Shard - Wisdom             Sunstone Shard - Fire Resist
    Jade Shard - Intelligence         Topaz Shard - Lightning Resist
    Moonstone Shard - Cold Resist

    The leather and metal lists above describe legacy quickcraft secondary
materials. The inlay command uses shards; see 'help inlays' for the shared
inlay syntax.
