                            Smithing

    Smithing allows you to create armour from various metals you've 
mined from across the world. The ore is processed into bars, and the 
bars are shaped into the objects you're creating.

Getting started:
  1. Buy profession tools in the profession building, 4e, n from Center of
     Town.
  2. Use 'mine ore' in suitable terrain, or hire a mining worker.
  3. Convert ore into bars in the smithing room.
  4. Use 'quickcraft <type> <slot> <main bar> <secondary>'.

    Druids can use their silver sickle instead of a mining pick.

    In the smithing room in the profession building, you can convert
ore into bars. It takes 5 ore to make 1 bar. Bronze Bars take 4 Copper
Ores and 1 Tin Ore. Steel Bars require 4 Iron Ores and 1 Mithril Ore.

    Smiths can make banded, chain, plate and scale armour. They can make 
boots, chestplates, helmets and legplates of each type. Bronze armours
don't have a level restrictions. Iron Armours have a level restriction
of level 20. Steel Armours have a level restriction of level 45.
Adamantite Armours have a level restriction of level 65. All armours
require 6 Bars of their type to craft, plus 4 Bars for any secondary
metal you add to the armours.

    Bronze armour can be made by anyone, but your skill will max at 100
crafting them. Iron armour needs a skill of 60, and will max at 200. Steel
armour requires a skill of 100, and will max at 500. Adamantite armour
needs a skill of 200 to craft, and will max at 1000.

    All Iron, Steel, and Adamantite armours have an innate bonus of 1 hp.
Iron armours will have special enhancements of 1. Steel armours will have
special enhancements of 3. Adamantite armours will have special enhancements
of 5. The enhancements are based on the secondary metal, or the base metal
if you do not add any secondary metal.

    Crafted profession gear can also be improved later with
'inlay <crafted item> with <shard>' in the profession building. This is
separate from the secondary metal used during smithing.

    Adamantite - Strength        Mithril - Wisdom
    Bronze - Fire Resistance     Platinum - Intelligence
    Copper - Disease Resistance  Silver - Dexterity
    Gold - Charisma              Steel - Constitution
    Iron - Poison Resistance     Tin - Lightning Resistance
    Lead - Cold Resistance
