                             Tailoring

    Tailors can make padded armour and light clothes. Tailors convert
piles of cloth found among the corpses of dead monsters into bolts of
cloth. The bolts can then be made into armour or clothing in the tailoring
room of the profession building, 4e, n from Center of Town.

Getting started:
  1. Save cloth reagents by picking them up and saving them, or by using
     'reagents search <cloth>' to find likely sources.
  2. Convert cloth piles into bolts in the tailoring room.
  3. Use 'quickcraft <type> <slot> <shard>' for padded armour.
     Cotton armour uses 'none' for the shard.
  4. Use 'quickcraft clothes <type> <slot>' for light clothing.

                             Converting
Cotton Bolt:        6 x Piles of cotton
Silk Bolt:          4 x Piles of pure silk    1 x Velvet Larz
Emberweave Bolt:    4 x Piles of dark fibre   1 x Dinkweed
Lunar Cloth Bolt:   4 x Piles of lunar cloth  1 x Star Flower
Sun Cloth Bolt:     4 x Piles of sun cloth    1 x Sun Flower
Mage Fibre Bolt:    4 x Piles of mage fibre   1 x Mithril Bar

    Tailors can make 6 kinds of padded armour - boots, breeches, cloaks, 
doublets, hoods and robes. The tailors can use any of the 6 types of bolts
to make the armour. Cotton armours doesn't have a level restriction. Silk
armour has a level restriction of level 20. Emberweave, Lunar Cloth, and
Sun Cloth armours have a level restriction of level 45. Mage Fibre has a
level restriction of level 65. All armours with a level restriction have
an innate bonus of 1 sp.

    Cotton armour can be made by anyone, but your skill will max at 100
crafting them. Silk armour needs a skill of 60, and will max at 200.
Emberweave, Lunar Cloth, and Sun Cloth require a skill of 100, and will
max at 500. Mage Fibre needs a skill of 200 to craft, and will max at 1000.

    All of the crafted armour take 6 Bolts to craft. Those with a level
restriction also need 1 Shard from the special reagents. The shards infuse
the armours with special benefits. Silk armours will have an increase of 1,
while Emberweave, Lunar Cloth, and Sun Cloth will have an increase of 3,
and Mage Fibre will have an increase of 5.

    Cotton armour is the starter padded armour path and does not take a
shard during quickcraft. If you want a shard bonus on cotton gear, craft it
with 'none' first and then use the inlay system.

    Tailors can also make simple clothing from the same bolt types. Clothing
is light, wearable, and made for style rather than protection. It does not
use shards and takes 2 Bolts to craft. Clothing slots are boots, cloak,
gloves, hat, pants, robe, and shirt.

    Quickcraft examples:
      quickcraft cotton cloak none
      quickcraft silk robe amber
      quickcraft clothes silk cloak

    Tailored goods may also appear in profession work orders. Crafted
profession gear can be improved with 'inlay <crafted item> with <shard>'
in the profession building.

    Amber Shard - Poison Resist       Onyx Shard - Constitution
    Beryl Shard - Strength            Pearl Shard - Charisma
    Bloodstone Shard - Disease Resist Sapphire Shard - Dexterity
    Garnet Shard - Wisdom             Sunstone Shard - Fire Resist
    Jade Shard - Intelligence         Topaz Shard - Lightning Resist
    Moonstone Shard - Cold Resist

Piles of cotton:
  Can be gotten randomly from bears, deer, dogs, goats and pigs.
Piles of pure silk:
  Can be gotten randomly from gypsies, kobolds and spiders.
Piles of dark fibre:
  Can be gotten randomly from gnomes, goblins, lizardmen and spiders.
Piles of lunar cloth:
  Can be gotten randomly from elves, giants, humans and trolls.
Piles of sun cloth:
  Can be gotten randomly from dwarves, faeries, gnolls, halflings and yetis.
Piles of mage fibre:
  Can be gotten randomly from elementals, faeries, genies, orcs and spiders.
