        This document will explain how to raise your stats, levels, and
powers.  It is important that you understand what the different types of
points represent.
 
Experience Points: You get these for killing monsters, and use them to
                   purchase everything except powers.
 
Guild Experience Points:  You get guild experience points for
                          successfully using psionic powers.  They are
                          used to make you ELIGIBLE for advancement in
                          guild levels.
 
Potential Points:  Also called purchase points, you earn these when you
                   go up in guild level and use them to learn new powers
                   by "realizing your potential."
 
 
Physical stats:
Strength: This determines your carrying capacity and is 80% of your stat
          related hand to hand damage.
Constitution: Determines your hit points.
Dexterity: This is 80% of your stat related dodging ability.
Mental stats:
Intelligence: This is 20% of your hand to hand stat related damage and
              provides 2.25 SP per stat point.
Wisdom: This is 20% of your stat related dodging ability and provides 2.25
        SP per stat point.
Charisma: This determines your bonus/penalty when selling items and
          provides 1.5 SP per stat point.
 
 
Guild Level:
        Your guild level ranges from 1-15 with each level requiring both
guild experience points and regular experience points for advancement.
        Your guild level determines which powers are available for
purchase and also increases the effectiveness of the vast majority of
the powers you have.  As your guild level goes up you should find all
your powers lasting longer, doing more damage, having greater effect,
etc as well as going up in SP cost to reflect their greater potential.
Your psychic potential also depends on your guild level.  All psionicists
gain 7 potential points per guild level.
 
Level:
        Your regular character level requires experience points and gold
coins to raise.  You have probably noticed by now that unlike all other
uses of exp, attaining a new level requires an accumulated total.  Levels
are not 'bought' like guild levels and stats.
        In the Psionicist Guild your level does 2 things for you.
First, the total amount of points in all your stats may not exceed 6
times your level +3.  That is to say, if you are level 10, your stats
cannot average greater than 13 for example.  The second thing your level
does is regulate how far you can advance your guild level.  Your total
guild level can never be greater than your regular level.  This is
to prevent 5th level characters running around with Ultrablast.
 
Powers:
        You can learn powers and you can master powers.  Learning new
powers requires that your guild level is higher than the power's minimum
and that you have enough potential points available to spend on the new
power.  Once you have learned a new power, you will immediately be able
to begin using it.
        Once you have learned Power Mastery you may begin to master
other powers.  See the description of the Power Mastery power for
details, but in general there are 3 levels of mastery to each power with
the first level increasing the effectiveness of the power, the second
level reducing the concentration time, and the third level making the
power cheaper in SP to use.
