"Guild Chat"
        This allows guild members to talk on the guild channel and is
        automatically added to the player's power list when joining the
        guild.  Note that it does NOT include the high level guild chat.
"Dual Mind"                4       4
        This splits the psionicist's mind into two separate, working
        halves allowing him to collect his thoughts faster.  It is a
        global power modifier that reduces concentration time of all
        powers automatically.
"Detonate"          :       1       1
        This allows the psionicist to telekinetically break the pattern
        holding matter together.  It destructs any droppable, stealable
        object the player is carrying (so it must have been gettable
        too).
"Psionic Blast"     :       5       3
        The workhorse psionicist attack power.  It does damabe based on
        guild level with a mental blast and costs 5 * guild level in
        SP.
"Suggestion"        :       2       2
        This is an annoyance power for psionicists to use for fun.  What
        it does is place a suggestion in the mind of the target for a
        couple of minutes depending on guild level.  The suggestion
        is a piece of text set by the psionicist.  Whenever the target
        types something OTHER than the suggested command, the target
        sees 'For some reason you feel like  doing <whatever> instead'.
        It does not prevent the original command from being performed,
        though.  It's just for fun.
"Precognition"      :       2       2
        This allows a psionicist to fortell the future.  "What will I
        find if I enter the next room?".  It will tell them the number
        of inanimate objects, the number of living objects, and how many
        of those living objects are hostile to them (ie aggressive
        npcs).
"Clairvoyance"      :       2       1
        This allows the psionicist to see the location of a target within
        his mind.  It displays the room description (including contents)
        of the target's location.
"Clairaudience"     :       2       2
        This places a "presence" in a room.  The presence is like a
        monster which can neither attack nor be attacked and it will
        whatever it "hears"  to the psionicist.  Note  the presence IS
        visible so it is not a means of invading privacy.
"Enhance"           :       3       2
        This is a global power modifier. Casting it before another power
        costs 10 sp and focuses the psionicist's mental energy, giving a
        guild level increase for purposes of damage, duration, etc of the
        next power used.
"Limit"             :       3       2
        This is the opposite of Enhance.  Its cost is free and it
        reduces the psionicist's guild level for his next power.
        Useful for reducing the cost of glevel dependent powers when you
        don't need the full effect.
"Probe"             :      11       4
        This allows the psionicist to invade a monster's mind for any
        useful experiences or information it contains.  The monster is
        left permanently mentally scarred.  It works once per monster,
        lowering the monster's experience and raising the psionicist's
        experience.  You will gain less experience when killing a monster
        that has been probed, but the great advantage is being able to
        learn something without having to kill the target first.  The cost
        of a probe depends on how tough the opponent is you are trying to
        probe.
"Ultrablast"        :      18       7
        This is the ultimate psionic attack.  It hurls a blast of mental
        energy every couple seconds for a length of time dependent on
        guild level.  The power of each individual blast is also dependent
        on guild level.  The power is taxing on the mind, costing 15 * glevel.
"Brainwave"         :       8       3
        This sends a mental wave through the room hitting everyone in
        its wake.  It has a low efficiency, costing 5 * guild level like
        a psionic blast but doing less damage to each individual target but
        it will hit every monster (and player, except the psionicist) in the
        room.  Does less damage to pc's and pets.
"Mindlink"          :       1       1
        This allows the psionicist to use his telepathic powers to send
        messages to others.  Effectively a 2 sp tell.  A nice guild perk
        (once it has been bought) in keeping with the psionicist theme.
"Teleport"          :       5       4
        This power has 2 uses.  First, for a flat 75 sp, the psionicist
        can teleport back to the guild hall.  Second, for 10 sp per room,
        the psionicist can set up a movement path of no more than his
        glevel worth in rooms, and will appear at the end of the chain
        without passing through each one.  If at any point the path is
        blocked, the entire power fails.  Can be used to escape, to move
        about quickly, to bypass aggressive monsters, to go somewhere without
        other players knowing where you are going, etc.
"Animate Weapon"    :      15       4
        This allows a psionicist to cause a weapon to pick itself up and
        wield itself in battle!  One of the most useful combat spells in
        the guild. It has a duration and hit points of the weapon dependent
        on the psionicist's guild level.  The psionicist must stay in the
        same room but may perform other powers, attack the monster
        himself, or whatever.  Another great advantage of this power is
        that it is not subject to weapon restrictions.  A weapon not
        normally usable by the guild MAY be animated.  The spell costs 1
        sp per second it will be in effect, and if the animated weapon
        "dies", it will be permanently broken.
"Inertial Barrier"  :       6       3
        A simple protective power.  For a length of time dependent on
        the psionicist's guild level, the target receives a shielding of
        mental energy which will increase armor.  Costs 4 per guild level.
"Rejuvenation"      :       2       4
        This is a healing ability that costs time rather than power
        points.  It is cast with a number of minutes, which will be
        spent concentrating.  At the end of that time, the psionicist
        will heal an amount of hit points GREATLY influenced by the
        amount of time spent rejuvenating.  Rejuvenating once for 6
        minutes will restore an exponentially greater amount than doing
        it 3 times for 2 minutes each.  Of course, any commands given
        during the conentration period will cancel the power completely
        and no healing will take place at all.  The rejuvenation cost in
        sp is approximately what would be regenerated normally in the
        same amount of time.
"Adrenaline Control"        :       5       2
        The psionicist alters the flow of adrenaline in hos own body to
        provide himself with short boosts of speed or strength.  For
        twice glevel in sp, the psionicist gets a temporary increase in
        either strength or dexterity based on guild level.
"Damage Absorption"        :       3       3
        The idea of this power is it allows the psionicist to alter his
        own aura to absorb kinetic energy.  The power costs 5 * guild
        level and adds about 100 hit points which will fade over time,
        very quickly at low guild levels but slower and slower as guild
        level rises.
"Displace"          :      13       4
        This power allows the psionicist to create an image of himself
        in people's minds while he himself is actually a short distance
        away!  The effect of the power is to create a 'dummy' of the
        psionicist that does not attack but draws the attacks of any
        opponents, who believe it to be the original psionicist.  This
        is a very powerful ability.  After a length of time dependent on
        guild level, the opponents will realize their mistake and begin
        attacking the real psionicist again.  It costs a flat 50 sp.
"Double Pain"       :       9       2
        This power allows the psionicist to temporarily alter the pain
        sense in a target.  It does no damage in and of itself, but it
        makes the target so sensitive to pain that NO amount of armor
        will protect it from damage at all.  It costs a flat 60 SP and
        lasts a variable amount of time according to the psionicist's guild
        level.  This is a powerful addition to a psionicists' arsenal
        and players are urged not to overlook it simply because it
        doesn't blast anything by itself.
"Lend Health"       :       2       2
        This allows the psionicist to lend some of his life energy
        over to another person.  It's not healing, it is rather a
        transfer of wounds.  It restores 10 hp to the target while
        subtracting 10 hp and 15 sp from the psionicist.
"Banish"            :      17       6
        An expensive but powerful effect, the target of the power will be
        teleported away to otherdimensial space unless it resists the
        spell.  Such strenous mental efforts cannot be maintained long,
        howeve, and the target will soon return to Darkwind.  Make good
        use of the time provided to search, move on, or escape!
"Timeshift"         :      15       4
        It allows the psionicist to alter his own flow of time to speed
        it up.  It allows the psionicist to make several melee attacks
        immediately (the number of extra attacks depending on guild
        level) , but does not give any bonuses to any of these attacks.
        It costs 4 * glevel.
"Awe"               :       2       1
        This temporarily increases the psionicist's personal magnetism by a
        large margin.  Adds an amount of charima dependent on guild
        level for a short length of time.  It is mostly useful for
        obtaining better prices when selling treasure, but with some
        planning it is possible to immediately regenerate the cost of
        the spell before the effects wear off, thus increasing your
        spell points for a short while.  You'll have to be fast and have
        a good plan to accomplish this, however.  It takes guild level * 2 sp.
"Alter Aura"        :       3       1
        This allows the psionicist to do just what it says.  The
        psionicist is displayed the alignment choices of demonic, evil,
        nasty, neutral, nice, good, and saintly and can pick which one
        to become.  Of course future actions  will immediately begin to
        alter this.  As the psionicist guild  does not depend on
        alignments at all this is largely a roleplaying power.  However,
        it can be used to simultaneously wield magic items requiring
        wildly different alingments.  Such is the power of the mind.
        It takes a flat 15 sp.
"Psychic Reserve"   :       7       1
        This gives the Psionicist a 7th stat representing his inner
        mind.  The stat maxes at 25 points.  Each point provides a
        psychic reserve of 12 SP.  These points can be
        withdrawn into regular sp for power casting purposes, but not
        over the psionicist's normal sp limit.  The reserve does not
        regenerate over time, and must be replenished at a cost of 2
        SP per 1 reserve point replaced.  Each and every
        increase of the psychic reserve takes 1 purchase point.
"Judge"             :       3       2
        This allows the psionicist to "look deep into another person's
        eyes and see their soul".  It will tell you how far they have
        advanced within their guild and compare their stats to yours if
        the target is a player character, and it will estimate how you
        would fare in combat against the target if it is a monster.
        Note that it judges purely from a one on one physical
        confrontation.  The psionicist has access to a host of powers
        the opponent does not and the ability to retreat and heal which
        most monster do not have.  On the other hand, some monsters
        possess special attacks or abilities which judge will also not
        factor into things.  However, it is a good way to get a general
        feeling for how tough a monster is, or how far advanced another
        player is compared to you.  It costs 15 sp.
"Obscure"           :      13       3
        This allows the psionicist to mentally obscure his image in
        others' minds.  It is not complete invisibility, it simply
         changes changes the psionicist's description to "something
         in the corner of your eye" for a short time.  It costs 10 +
         glevel * 3 SP.  They may know someone's there but they won't
         know who it is unless your own description gives it away.
"Teleport Object"   :       3       3
        The psionicist can teleport an object from his location to the
        location of another player, like the ups service in the post
        office.  It costs 20 sp.
"Ballistic Attack"  :       1       1
        This allows the psionicist to hurl a small object at superhigh
        speeds into a target.  The object must contain within it a
        spark of mental energy implanted for the psionicist to contact.
        The guild shop sells rocks with this special modification made
        to them for 5 coins apiece.  The power is the newbie psionicist
        attack power, doing a small amount of damage but being extremely
        cheap in SP and having a very low concentration time.
"Mental Blow"       :       3       2
        This sends a hammering blow of force directly into the mind of
        the target.  It does a base amount of damage slightly dependent
        upon regular level and does a further random amount based on
        guild level.  It is an all around attack power cheaper and faster
        than psionic blast.
"Pyrokinesis"       :       1       2
        This is the guild level 1 attack power recommended for those who
        have switched guilds into the Psionicists rather than joined
        as a newbie.  It has a longer concentration time and much higher
        cost than Ballistic Attack so it requires a character who can stand
        up to some punishment and fuel a spell costing 3 * their character
        level.  Unlike any other power in the guild, its effects are based
        SOLELY upon regular level and not dependent upon guild level
        at all.  It achieves its damage by attempting to psionically set
        the target afire.
"Crystalize"        :       2       2
        A psionicist with this power can create the crystals the Crystal
        shop sells himself from the life energy remaining a corpse.  This is
        difficult, however, and doesn't always work.  The quality of the
        crystal created depends on a random chance dependent on guild
        level.  A successful attempt, no matter what the quality of the
        crystal resulting, costs 40 sp.  If the attempt fails outright
        the corpse is still destroyed and the failed attempt costs 5 sp.
"Power Mastery"     :      12       3
        This is a global power modifier allowing psionicists to become
        masters of X, where X is one of the other powers.  The power
        mastery ability itself must first be bought, then each
        individual power must be individually mastered.  There are 3
        levels of mastery.  The first causes all uses of the power to be
        automatically under the influence of enhance and costs 1
        purchase point.  The second causes all uses of the power to
        additionally be under the influence of dual mind and costs 2
        more purchase points.  The last reduces the sp cost of the power
        by a percentage of its normal cost and costs an additional 3
        purchase points.  Note that these benefits are in ADDITION to any
        enhance or dual mind which might might already be in effect!
"Reduce Weight"     :       4       2
        This power allows the psionicist to alter the pattern of an
        object as in destruct, but in this case to condense and compact
        it.  It works once per item and reduces the item's weight
        permanently by a random amount influenced, but not determined,
        by guild level.  It has a flat cost of 75 sp.
"Psychic Crush"     :       6       5          
        This is the randomized equivalent to psionic blast, for those
        who are feeling lucky.  It costs the same but whereas psionic
        blast does a flat amount damage, psychic crush does a random
        amount.  So the psionicist could get lucky and do extra damage
        for the same amount of sp.
"Telekinetic Storm" :       7       3
        This is an impressive attack based on the concepts behind the
        Ballistic Attack power.  The damage it causes is based solely
        on what you are carrying at the time.  It will take everything
        in your inventory that you aren't wearing or wielding and hurl
        it at the target in a single, giant telekinetic attack.  It
        costs a flat 25 sp, which can make it either very expensive or
        very cheap, depending on how much you are carrying at the time.
"Inflict Pain"      :      12       2
        This allows the psionicist to generate artificial feelings of
        pain in the target.  It does no actual damage, but the target
        will act as if his str and dex were much lower due to the intense
        crippling effects of the power.  It has a variable duration based
        on guild level and costs a flat 40 points.
"Repulsion Field"   :      13       4
        This power is not yet available.  To give a preview, for 50 spell
        points it will create a forcefield behind which the psionicst
        can stand completely separated from others in the area.  The
        psionicist will be able to look and talk in the room, but cannot
        pick anything up, attack, or be attacked.  Any items or conversation
        WITHIN the forcefield can be completely separated from those
        outside.
"Project Thought"   :       2       2
        This is basically an 'area tell'.  It projects a thought not
        to a specific target, but to an entire room full of people.
        Combined with clairaudience, it allows the psionicist to have
        conversations from afar with groups of people while he or she
        is at an entirely different location of Darkwind.  It costs 5
        SP per use.
"Thought Shield"    :       8       2
        This protects the psionicist from energy attacks.  The shield
        may also be cast on an adventuring compainion.  It offers good
        psi resistance and some, but not a lot, of magic resistance for
        a length of time based on guild level.  The amount of protection
        also goes up with guild level.  Costs 4 * guild level.
"Recall"            :       5       2
        If a psionicist purchases this ability and uses it while dead
        they will be transported back to the guild and the "Psionic
        Convergence of Minds" will merge them back into a physical body.
        It costs nothing to use.  <this power is currently not through
        testing yet>
"Enlighten"         :       1       2
        This allows the psionicist to have sudden enlightening psychic
        realizations.  It allows the psionicist to perform the cost and
        advance functions of the guild hall from other locations on the
        mud.
"Grand Master Chat" :      18       1
        This allows the person to join the elite of the psionicists,
        being able to participate on the Hipsi chat line and enter the
        Grand Masters' bulletin board room.  As of this writing, no
        psionicist has achieved Grand Master status.
"Psychometry"       :       3       2
        This is the famous "object reading" ability of psychics.  It's
        an identify type power on the mud, displaying any magical info
        of an object and giving some vague impressions about whether it
        is a special item or not.  It sometimes provides less specific
        information than a more objective appraisal or mages' identify
        would, but will often give more overall information than either
        of them will.  You must interpret the messages it gives you
        well.  It takes 30 SP.
"Emotion Control"   :      10       3
        This allows the psionicist to telepathically alter the emotions
        of creatures.  For a short time, it will make a peaceful monster
        aggressive, or an aggressive monster peaceful.  The monster's
        original attitude then returns.  Note that this is a GENERAL
        attitude change.  If the monster is already fighting someone, it
        won't stop fighting that particular character.  This is an
        unusual power that has many creative uses.  It costs 15 SP.
"Telepathic Strike" :       8       3
        This is, as the name implies, a telepathic attack.  The
        psionicist must first 'aquire a target' by meeting the
        monster face to face (ie you must be 'hunting' it.).  Like
        brainwave, the power is an inefficient attack, costing the
        same as psionic blast but doing less damage.  It substitutes
        pure damage for being able to strike from any distance!
"Psionic Prodigy"   :       1       3
        This is a global power modifier allowing the psionicist to learn
        new powers more rapidly.  It requires planning ahead to use this
        power effectively. From the point it is learned onwards the
        psionicist will gain 1 extra purchase point per level.  Since
"Imprint"           :       1       1
        This imprints an object with the psionicist's "psychic
        signature".  If cast in most places on the mud it will last a
        temporary amount of time dependent on guild level. If cast in
        the storage  room of the Psionicist Guild it has a permanent
        duration (until the item is next picked up).  What it is not
        allow anybody but the psionicist to pick up the item.
"Channel"           :       3       2
        The channelling power allows a psionicist to send his own mental
        energy to others.  Each use of the power will restore 10 spell
        points (but no hp) to another player, but will cost the
        psionicist 15 himself.
"Psionic Profile"   :       3       1
        A psionicist with psionic profile can alter his "psychic
        signature" to other psionicists.  It simply allows him to change
        his guild level title displayed in the guild who list.  Much
        more interesting than simply being known as "a Psionicist."
"Psychic Splice"    :      10       4
        Psychic splice is a global power modifier.  This allows the
        psionicist to splice powers together to perform them as a
        single action.  The splice itself takes 10 spell points
        charged between each power usage, but in exchange for those sp,
        the concentration time is completely eliminated!  The psionicist
        prepares the entire sequence in his mind beforehand.
