Syntax: homestead [return|status|survey|map|upgrades|furnishings|customize|help]

Homesteads are the foundation for future player-built homes, crafted rooms,
and shared kingdom spaces. The kingdom commons is meant to be explored in
character: speak aloud near the surveyor, clerk, and foreman, and they will
answer what they understand.

Current commands:

  homestead          Travel to the kingdom commons.
  homestead return   Return to the room remembered when you entered.
  homestead status   Show your current homestead state.
  homestead survey   Review what is currently available.
  homestead map      Show the indoor floor plan and room connections.
  homestead upgrades Show larger home costs, build times, and room limits.
  homestead visit <player>
                     Visit another player's public or invited plot.
  homestead public   Let anyone visit your plot.
  homestead private  Restrict visits to yourself and invited players.
  homestead invite <player>
                     Invite a player to visit your private plot.
  homestead uninvite <player>
                     Remove a plot invitation.

Useful things to try in the commons:

  say I want land
  say how much does a plot cost
  say I accept the charter
  say take me to my plot
  say what should I build first
  read charter
  study map
  read ledger
  workorders
  workorder <number>

A frontier charter costs 1,000,000 coins. The clerk draws from clear bank
funds first, then coin on hand. The charter alone grants no land: walk out
of the commons into the Kingdom Frontier -- open plains, the Charter
Fields, the Kingswood, or the Greywall foothills -- and use 'homestead
claim' standing on the exact spot you want. First come, first served; one
plot to a name. Your claim appears as a real structure on the land that
anyone passing can see, and it grows with each build tier. Roads, the
commons, mine gates, bridges, and the Reedmurk cannot be claimed. The
whole frontier is a safe zone. Choose with the future in mind: forest
means timber, riverside means fishing, foothills sit near the mines.

Visible profession nodes are scattered through suitable frontier terrain:
mineral-streaked outcrops in the Greywall foothills, wild herb patches in the
Kingswood and Reedmurk, harvestable timber stands in the Kingswood, and
promising fishing positions beside rivers and lakes. Use the normal profession
tools and commands: 'mine ore', 'gather herbs', 'chop tree', and fishing poles.
Visible nodes provide an extra yield or quality
bonus, then a successful harvest or catch exhausts the opportunity until the
virtual room's normal reset restores it. Frontier terrain has its own weighted
material tables: surface foothills favor practical copper, tin, iron, and lead,
while each mine gate previews the deposits found deeper inside. The work-order
board uses the same rotating contracts and rewards as the profession halls.

Three working mines open through the eastern Greywall. Ironroot lies at the
northern gate and favors iron and lead. Crownshaft meets the east road and
favors silver and gold. Blackglass lies at the southern gate and carries rare
mithril, platinum, and adamantite deposits. Mineable rooms contain a visible
vein. A successful 'mine ore' exhausts that vein until the room resets.

Brant explains starter work, but construction happens on your own plot:

  build camp marker    25,000 coins, about 1 minute
  build lean-to        75,000 coins, about 5 minutes
  build foundation    250,000 coins, about 15 minutes
  build hut           750,000 coins, about 45 minutes
  build status        show the current project and its remaining build time

Build timers are saved by the homestead daemon. They continue across logout,
reboot, or crash because the completion time is stored with your plot.

The finished hut is the first real home. It begins with one interior room
and may contain no more than four indoor rooms total. 'enter hut' opens the
main room with:

  - A hearth that speeds the owner's healing while resting inside.
  - A banded chest: 'store <item>', 'retrieve <item>', and 'chest' to list.
    Stored goods survive relog and reboot exactly as you left them, using
    the same preservation as saved login equipment - crafted and special
    items keep their qualities. The chest refuses uniques, cursed or
    broken goods, coins, and anything too fleeting to survive storage.

Items left lying on the ground of a plot do NOT persist; use the chest.

Expanding a home:

  build room          Show current rooms, capacity, price, time, and openings.
  build room north    Add a room north of the room where you are standing.
  build room south    Add a room south of the current room.
  build room east     Add a room east of the current room.
  build room west     Add a room west of the current room.
  homestead map       Draw the saved floor plan and list room connections.

Rooms are connected when their saved build timer completes. Construction
creates the outgoing passage and its opposite together. Existing passages,
occupied floor-plan coordinates, active jobs, and the home's room limit block
new work before payment. Room timers persist across logout and reboot.

Larger homes must be built in order: cabin, cottage, house, manor, keep, then
castle. You must build every room allowed by the current home before starting
the next upgrade. Existing rooms, links, custom descriptions, the hearth, and
chest all carry forward into the larger structure. Use 'homestead upgrades'
for exact prices, times, capacities, and Framing Bundle requirements. Mill
Forestry timber and craft bundles with 'carpentry', then 'deliver framing
bundles' to Brant in the commons. Delivered supplies persist with the plot and
are consumed when the upgrade begins.

Furnishing a home:

  carpentry craft [quality] <oak|ash|pine> <plan>
  place <furniture>
  homestead furnishings
  remove furniture <id|type>

Each room holds up to eight crafted furnishings. Placed furniture is saved as
part of the room and returns across logout and reboot.

Once you are standing on your plot, use 'commons' or 'return to commons' to
walk the survey road back.

Shaping your plot:

  homestead customize
  homestead short <room title>       (alias: homestead title)
  homestead short reset
  homestead long <room description>  (alias: homestead describe)
  homestead long reset
  homestead look add|edit <noun> = <description>
  homestead look remove <noun>
  homestead look list
  homestead smell add|edit <noun> = <description>
  homestead smell remove <noun>
  homestead smell list
  homestead action add|edit <command> = <response>
  homestead action remove <command>
  homestead action list

These commands work while you are standing inside your own homestead. Text is
bounded and saved by the homestead daemon. Adding an existing look, smell, or
action name edits it in place. 'smell <noun>' and 'sniff <noun>' reveal saved
smells; a single room smell also appears for a bare 'smell'. Custom actions
return the saved response when a visitor types the exact saved phrase. They
are descriptive data, not LPC scripts, and cannot replace movement, combat,
communication, inventory, or administrative commands. Each room currently
supports 20 looks, 12 smells, 12 actions, and eight crafted furnishings.
