|CKBSpecialization
|WKO==============

|YKOSpecialization allows a player to gain extra bonuses in combat at the cost
of flexibility. Over time, a specialist's skill with his chosen weapons or
armors will increase, while his ability to use other kinds of equipment
will decrease due to disuse.

There are two areas in which a player may specialize: weapons and armour.
While similar, there are a few differences in the way specialization works
in the two cases that are worth noting.


|CKOWeapon Specialization
|WKO---------------------

|YKOOn DarkWind, weapon types are characterized by their sizes, damage types,
and miscellaneous characteristics. The following lists give some examples
of typical weapons and their characterizations:

|WKBSize:
  |CKBSmall weapons:   |GKBdaggers, saps, small short swords, hand axes
  |CKBMedium weapons:  |GKBlarger short swords, maces, clubs, longer swords
  |CKBLarge weapons:   |GKBlongswords, battleaxes, long maces, shorter staves
  |CKBHuge weapons:    |GKBawl pikes, two-handed swords, greatbows, long staves

|WKBDamage type:
  |CKBSlash:           |GKBmost sword variants, naginata, some polearms
  |CKBPierce:          |GKBdaggers, rapiers, spears, bows, wooden stakes
  |CKBBlunt:           |GKBstaves, maces, clubs, hammers, rocks
  |CKBCleave:          |GKBaxes, halberds, cleavers, some polearms

|WKBMiscellaneous:
  |CKBMissile:         |GKBbows, crossbows, slings, throwing daggers, darts
  |CKBPole:            |GKBmost staves, halberds, spears, tridents


|YKONote that weapons may have multiple damage types if they can be used in
muliple ways. For example, shortswords can generally be used as slashing
and also piercing weapons. In addition, size and miscellaneous character-
istics affect a player's ability to dual wield certain weapons. Normal
sized players can dual wield one large (or smaller) weapons, and one
medium (or smaller) weapon. Players who are smaller or larger due to race
may find their choices more limited. Missile and pole weapons
can never be dual wielded.

The first step in weapon specialization is to pick a size. Although you
only pick one size category, you will automatically get the next larger
size as well in your specialization. Every specialist must pick a size.
Optionally, a specialist may pick one or two damage types. Choosing
one damage type will give a bonus with any weapon that has that damage
type, even if it's in combination with another type. If you pick two types
the weapon used must have BOTH damage types to get a bonus. Finally, a
specialist may also choose a miscellaneous type, which further restricts
the bonus to those weapons with that miscellaneous characteristic.

The nature of weapon specialization is that the more precisely one
specializes, the larger the bonus he gets. The corresonding penalty for
using a weapon not in his specialization is also larger. So, while a
specialization in large, cleave, pierce, polearm may give a very large
bonus when using some halberds, there is a tradeoff in flexibility.

In order to specialize, you must find the specialization trainer in
Darkwind city and train in the type desired. Once you've specialized, you
will gain experience using that weapon. Every so often you may notice that
your skill is improving with that weapon as well. When you have accumu-
lated enough experience with your specialized weapon type, you can return
to the training hall and advance your weapon specialization level.

At some point, you may choose to change your weapon specialization.
Depending on the difference between your current specialization and your
desired one, you may find that your skill level drops somewhat when
changing your specialization. This can be done at the training hall as
well.


|CKOArmour specialization
|WKO---------------------

|YKOArmour specialization works much like weapon specialization but the
choices are much smaller. You may choose one of four kinds armor:

  |CKBclothes:   |GKBnormal clothing, padded armours, small shields
  |CKBlight:     |GKBleather, studded leather, medium shields
  |CKBmedium:    |GKBchain mail, scale mail, large shields
  |CKBheavy:     |GKBplate mail, splint mail, banded mail, large/huge shields

|YKOThe effect of armour specialization is much more pronounced in the lighter
varieties of armour than the heavier ones due to the constricting nature
of such heavy armours. Experienced specialists in lighter armour varieties
have been known to dodge and deflect blows with such skill that their
overall defense rivalled that of knights wearing the heaviest suits of
plate armour.

Armour specialization is trained in the same training hall as weapon
specialization in DarkWind city.

|CKBWhy Specialize?
|WKO---------------

|YKOSpecialization is NOT required to play DarkWind. Generally speaking
specialization trades off effectiveness using all equipment against
increased effectiveness using a smaller set of equipment.

In the case of weapons, selecting more types and miscellaneous
characteristics will increase the bonus given, but will also increase
the penalties for using out-of-spec equipment, and also decrease the
number of in-spec items available. For armours, the bonus or penalty
for specialization is higher for the lighter types and lower for the
heavier types (in order from highest to lowest: clothes, light, medium,
heavy). Note that in the case of armours, even if a piece of armour
feels awkward to you, it will usually still contribute substantially
to your defensive abilities over being naked (unless that armour plain
sucks to begin with).

While specialization does give substantial bonuses in combat, it is
worth noting that other factors affect offense and defense. Specific
to equipment use, certain unique items may be so powerful as to dwarf
the effects of specialization, and may be worth using despite being
awkward.

|CKBRaising Specialist Level
|WKO------------------------

|YKODuring the course of adventuring, your will gain experience in your
specilized weapon and armour. Occasionally, you will find that you
notice yourself becoming better in the use of your equipment. When you
reach the point that you can no longer advance without training, go
to the combat trainer in DarkWind city and advance your weapon or
armour specialization level.

You will only gain experience in your specialized weapon if the weapon
you are using as your main weapon is in your specialized type (you gain
the benefits of specializion for both weapons though, for dual wielders)
and you will only gain experience in your specialized armour if you
wear the armour type you're specialized in. The more pieces of armour
you wear in that type, the faster your specialization will advance.
Additionally, you can only gain experience in your specializations by
fighting in reasonably challenging combats. If you fight monsters that
you easily overwhelm, you will not progress much. Finally, wisdom and
intelligence influences how fast you learn how to use your equipment
as well.
