
Welcome to the Morpher guild! 

There are a few commands that you should be aware of to start
out with.
    mhelp...........Display this help file
    mskills.........Display a list of Morpher skills
    mchat...........Talk on the Morpher guild line
    mhist...........View the Morpher guild line history
    mwho(mowho).....View other Morphers online
    motto...........Set the title that shows up in "mwho"
    endmorph........Ends a Morph prematurely
    
Any of these abilities can be found out more about by typing;
"help <ability>", for example: "help endmorph".

It should be noted that Morphers are slightly different from
most other guilds on Darkwind in how they advance and how far
one can advance their power within the guild. There are a
total of 15 guild levels one can advance through in Morphers.
The first 10 levels are regular guild levels, guild levels 11
through 15 are set to an extremely high cost. Your power within 
the guild also cannot be 1/2 or higher of your characters level. 
Besides when very first starting out of course, at level 1 and 
Morpher level 1. This is to ensure that you are growing at a rate 
that is appropriate to maintain and perform the morphs that a 
Morpher must be able to perform. You will find that you cannot 
advance passed guild level 10 until character level 45. This is to
prevent such power from entering the hands of the inexperienced.
You will also find that guild levels 11 and up are quite expensive
in terms of EXP cost. They are designed to be a power ramp-up
to help Morphers reach their maximum potential at the right time.

Your power within the guild will increase automatically as
soon as you have reached the correct level and exp requirements
for each power level. You can type "sc" to view how much XP is 
needed to gain more power within the guild.

Now you're probably a little curious as to what weapons and
armours a Morpher can use. Well, it's pretty straight forward.

Weapons:
    ** NO large weapons.
    ** NO huge weapons.
    ** NO missile weapons.
Armours:
    ** NO plate armour.
    ** NO chain armour.
    
Pretty simple, right? Well, things get a tad more complex when
you start looking deeper at who Morphers are and what you do.

Morphers morph their bodies, pretty straightforward. You have
hands, why not make them into weapons! You have skin on your
torso and legs, why not turn them into some wicked armour! In 
order to morph these body parts though, you can't be wearing
other armour or weapons and successfully morph these body parts
though. As such, most of the time, you'll see other Morphers
walking around wearing no armour over their torso, or legs,
and never wielding an actual weapon, but instead morphing their
hands into the most deadly weapons they would ever want.
