     OK, now we're going to start you out on this quest.  This first
thing to know about a quest is its name.  In fact, sometimes all you
need to know about a quest is its name because it's fairly obvious
what should be done, e.g. Kill Bueferd.  You can get a list of
all the quests anywhere by using the command 'quest list'.  This
will also tell you the Brawn/Brain ratings of the quest, how many
quest points it is worth, and whether or not you have done it.
This quest is entitled 'Amber Fly' and if you look on the list
you will see that it has a 50% Brain and 50% Brawn rating, as stated
before, and that it is only worth a few quest points.  The number
of quest points a given quest is worth is directly propotional to
its difficulty, i.e. the harder a quest is to complete, the more
it is worth to you.  One way in which difficulty is measured is
by the frequency with which a quest is completed.  That is, if
a quest is done often, its value tends to be lower because it
is assumed that this means it is easier than something which is
only completed occasionally.  So, as these quest point values
are constantly changing, it would be in your best interest not
to share quest info as this would drive down the value of quests
to you, slowing your own advancement.
     The next thing to note, since the title of a quest rarely
gives you enough information to get started, is the quest description.
This tells you a little more about the quest so you can make
an attempt at solving it.  Normally the only way to get such
a description is by going to your guild (or the adventurer's
guild) and typing 'list <quest_name>'.  This will yield an
output something like this:

Quest Name: Amber Fly
Description/Hint:

Ezekiel Milquetoast, sage of Darkwind and renowned abjurer, is
terribly distraught over the loss of an item.  Seek him out
north of the city and rectify the situation.
Completed:  NO  Value:    11
Brawn %:    50  Brain %:  50

     Now you at least have an idea what the goal of the quest is:
to help out Ezekiel.  You could probably also guess that this will
involve finding the item he lost and returning it to him, since
that is the most logical way to fix the problem he is having.
The only thing you don't really know is _where_ to get started.
That is one of the biggest parts of a quest -- finding the quest
area.  Once you do that, you've overcome one of the larger
hurdles in the way of your completion of the quest.  But guess
what, you're already in the quest area!  Now all you have
to do is find Ezekiel and you'll be on your way to acquiring
some real quest points!  Note that, in general, it is usually
a little more difficult to reach this stage, especially if
the quest description gives you very little clue as to where
to look.  The only way you will know where to go is if you have
found it before, and the only way to find it is to explore.
Therefore, if you want to be good at quests, explore a lot.
You'll just stumble upon places that turn out to be quest areas
which you can go back to later when you are ready to tackle
the quest.  Now, find Ezekiel and let's get this show on the road!
