     Congratulations, you found Ezekiel!  Now that wasn't so bad, was
it?  Granted, it was rather straightforward, but what did you expect,
a four-dimensional maze with wandering aggressive monsters?
     Now that you've found Ezekiel, you've got to figure out some way
to get some information out of him.  You'll notice that he says something
every once in a while, mostly lamenting about his current
situation so that is really not of much use to you.  However, you
should note this as one way of acquiring information during a quest.
Sometimes, key pieces of information in the little blurbs
that NPCs spout off.
     A more consistent source of useful information is in
the environment itself.  Providing you're not wandering around in
brief mode (You're not, are you?  If you are stop it
right now.  You'll never learn anything wandering around in brief
mode, and you'll more likely wander into some nasty death trap),
you see a room description every time you move.  This details
all the little things you have available for inspection around
you.  However, you can gain even more information by examining
the things that you see in the description.  You can do this by
using the following commands, all of which are equivalent: look at,
l at, examine, and exa.  This will generally tell you more specific
information about whatever you are looking at, sometimes useful,
sometimes not.  On occasion, when you examine an object, it will
make reference to another object that wasn't listed in the room
description, e.g. you might examine a machine and discover a
lever on the back that can be pulled.  Of course, you should
then examine these objects, too, because they are just as important,
if not more important, than those which you are told about right
off the bat.
     Generally, you should also try to manipulate such
objects that you see in the most obvious ways.  If you see a lock,
try to unlock it (providing you have the right key).  If you
see a button, consider pushing it (providing you don't think it will
cause you serious harm).  Quests necessarily require exploration, which
I will talk about more later.  One facet of it is this constant curiosity
which manifests itself in the form of prodding, pulling, and
general tampering.  Try examining and manipulating what you
find in this room, and see where it leads you.
