     First off, don't panic.  There is a way out of this.  In fact,
you're on the right track and even almost finished!  Good for you!
     Now would be a good time to talk about hidden exits and syntax.
Hidden exits are exactly that, ones which are not listed in the
room description.  They are somehow concealed from you, though
sometimes they are right under your nose.  If you've reached
this point, you've likely already encountered one hidden exit,
namely the hidden path between the ferns.  That type of hidden
exit is used on occasion by builders to conceal part of their
area but not terribly often.  The reason is that anyone could
use it even without knowing it was there, which can cause substantial
confusion for the player who wanders into someplace he wasn't
supposed to even know about.  It also often results in the player
finding out things that he shouldn't before he's supposed to know
them with regards to the quest.  For example, if the quest involved
determining which of a group of people was responsible
for an attack on someone and you stumbled through one of these
hidden exits into a secret chamber where the prince was
summoning demons, then you would already suspect the prince, something
which could make your quest for truth considerably simpler.  Well,
builders don't want you getting away with any shortcuts, so you'll see that
these types of exits are generally rare.
     The other type of hidden exit is much more common.  That's the type
of hidden exit which requires some input from you other than
a simple directional command like 'north.'  You have also
already seen this type when you climbed the willow tree to reach
this side of the courtyard wall.  This sort of thing is great for
builders as they can hide their secret areas to all but the most observant
or even to everyone who hasn't done some other deed.  For example, if
you have to say 'foo' to open some door and there is no way to know
this except to talk to the court jester, then you won't know to
say 'foo' until you talk to the jester.  This way, builders can truly
control who gets into where, and quests can be constructed
in a much more organized manner.
     Now what should you, as an inexperienced player, take from all of
this?  Only that you should be aware of the possibility of hidden
exits.  You should poke, prod, and generally turn upside down any
room looking for nonstandard ways out or even clues which might
grant you some other out in some other room.  Sometimes you might
have to struggle with the syntax a little, e.g. 'move stone' could
return 'What?' while 'push stone' reveals something, but this
in unavoidable.  So as always, be patient, and remember that just
because an exit isn't listed, doesn't mean you can't go that way.
