Basic Invasion Documentation
by: Malcolm @ Darkwind  (updated by Aeolus - 8/10/94)

The basics of putting together an invasion are simple.  You need two basic
things.
   1) An event that triggers the invasion.
   2) The invaders.

Let's start with the trigger.

The trigger can be anything important.  Let's try to be reasonable here.  A
large, important event can be the slaying of a level 25 monster, the stealing
of dragon eggs, or any other large *rare* event.  It should also be somewhat
convoluted.  Players should not understand under what exact circumstances
an invasion will occur.  A few tools to help you: Use a random chance.  Have
2 or more events trigger an invasion.  Make the invasion delayed some time.
Or anything else that may somewhat confuse the players as to why the invasion
took place.  Remember, the goal is to keep players from causing invasions
every time they want one, not to make them tear their hair out.

Once the event is triggered, you must call the invasion daemon with:
#include <daemons.h>
...
{triggered event}
  if(INVA_D -> trigger("invasion name",minimum # people on,approx. average lev)
{
    obj1 = clone_object("invading_monster");
    move_object(obj1,"wherever");
    INVA_D -> add_invader(obj1)
    return 1;
    }

INVA_D is the short_hand for the invasion daemon.  It simply keeps track
the invasion and how long it has been going on.  The function <trigger>
starts everything off.  If the invasion cannot go on for some reason, 0 is
returned.  If the invasion is actually starting, then 1 is returned.  Thus,
the if statement.  If the invasion goes forward, then we need to clone up
the right objects, move them where we want them to start, and tell the
invasion daemon to add that object to our list.  As soon as the invading
object is sent to the INVA_D, then the object begins to follow its invasion
orders.  This is a good point to start discussing the necessary code in the
invading monster.

FIRST: PLEASE NOTE: IMPORTANT: You need to inherit both MONSTER and INVASION.
So you'll have:
#include <mudlib.h>
inherit MONSTER;
inherit INVASION;

The invading monster has 2 basic parts it needs in order to properly work.
It needs to call 2 things in reset().  Namely, set_orders(), and set_path().
Set_orders essentially tells the monster what to do.  Current possible
orders are:

MARCH             ATTACK            DEFEND
marching commands

FOLLOW
secondary marching command

WANDER    SENTRY    GUARD     WAIT      PATROL
general orders

ESCORT      DESTROY        KILL      KIDNAP
specific orders

Orders, like weapon types and materials, are done using bits.
set_orders(MARCH|WAIT);  <---example

Sometimes you need to give another variable. For instance, ESCORT needs
to know who you want the invader to escort.  In this case, just add another
variable: set_orders(MARCH|ESCORT,"leader");

Let's talk about each of these in more detail.

MARCH
An invader under marching orders will continue to march, regardless of
whether anyone is attacking them or not.

ATTACK
Attack orders make the invader attack others on sight.

DEFEND
Defend orders make the invader defend himself from enemy attack, even if
it means staying put.

FOLLOW
Follow can only be used with ATTACK or DEFEND.  If the invader is in conflict
with an enemy, then the invader will follow the hapless victim around.
(problem: this causes the invader to lose track of his attack path.  We'll
fix this soon)

WANDER
The invader uses the random exit function in monster.c.  It ain't great, but
it's the best we got for right now.

SENTRY
Sentry is the order for the invader, once he's reached the room of destination
to attack anyone who enters.

GUARD
Guard tells the invader to prevent others from going a particular direction,
Beware, for it stops invaders from going that direction also.

WAIT
Wait tells the invader simply to stop there and wait for further instructions.
It's a lot like Sentry, but the invader won't attack.

PATROL
Patrol is a touch complicated.  But the essence is really simple.  The invader
keeps going through the invasion path in a loop.  Cool, eh?  You can get the
invader to appear as if it's patrolling certain rooms.

ESCORT
Escort tells the invader to follow another invader.  This only works with
other invaders.  You can use an object or a string to identify the monster.
The advantage of the string, is if you want a grunt to follow a leader, but
don't care which one, then just simply have the grunt follow "leader", and
when the next leader enters the room that the invader is in, then the grunt
will follow.

DESTROY
Destroy let's the invader loose on a particular area.  It takes about 20
seconds, but when it's done, the room will be destroyed.

KILL
Kill tells the invader, that once it's gotten to the end of its path, to
kill a particular npc.  String or object may be used to describe the victim.

KIDNAP
Not implemented yet, but essentially, the invader will carry the victim off.


Ok. set_path is the function that gives the individual directions for the
monster.  Each direction is seperated with a ;(semi-colon).  An example
would be: set_path("n;n;enter;e");
That causes the monster to go north, north, enter, east.  If, at any point,
one of these commands is prevented, the monster will continue to attempt
to do that direction over and over again.  Note that some orders don't
mix well with the set_path().  For instance Follow can throw the monster
off its path, and random implies that there IS no path.  Escort also implies
no path.

A few last notes: Some of these orders are incompatible.  There's nothing
to be done about this.  Second, you may have noticed that some of the orders
need an object or string as a variable for one of the orders.  So that
set_orders(DEFEND|SENTRY|KILL,"cher") would cause the invader to kill cher,
if cher was present at the end of its ride.  Do not mix orders that require
variables.  It's done this way for both simplicity and so that different
monsters have different duties.

Ok, that's the basics.  Read through it a few times, and try to get the swing
of it.  If you're still having trouble with your area or monsters, don't
try an invasion.  There's more about invasion in the Intermedate.doc file

                                                                -Malcolm
