The large tome's page is weathered, and torn around the edges.  You are
obviously not the first person to have stumbled onto it.  A charcoal drawing
of a dark-haired, dark-eyed woman leaning against a tree fills the upper
portion of the paper.  Below the woman are two wolves, both sitting stock-
still.  Their eyes almost appear to stare right out of the paper.  Underneath
the picture, in bold letters, reads: GREETINGS BOLD HUMAN!  Underneath
the title, the paper begins in earnest.  It reads:

So, you heard about us, eh?  The Garou, werewolves, servants of Gaea: this
we are called.  Humans fear us, for we have the power to terrorize them, and in
the past, we have done just that.  Perhaps we deserve their loathing, for
we have often over-stepped our bounds in maintaining the balance of Gaea.
Some within our ranks still feel we have not gone far enough.  This is,
however, a minority view.  The balance of Gaea is all.  We cannot complete
our duties if we are feared by all, yet we must maintain balance at all costs,
even our own destruction if needs be.  This is who we are.

You have read this far.  Perhaps you will read further.  If so, mayhap you
will find a glimmer of the Wolf in you.  If you join us, you will enter a 
world unlike that you presently experience.  You will assume the two-sided
nature that consumes all of us.  Man and Wolf reside in every Garou, each
beckoning and tearing us.  It gives us great power in all things physical,
and broadens our spiritual awareness; but it gives us terrible 
responsibility.  The unnatural is our foe, and we must fight to destroy
it.  The Kindred, evil spirits who should be dead, decay amidst those we
strive to protect.  They are our worst enemies.  Representations of all
that is evil, and all that is chaos: that is what the Kindred are, and what
we must destroy.  Gaea has not made us defenseless in our struggle.  To
aid us, Gaea has given us a fast healing rate.  Regardless of what form
we are in, we heal our bodies at rates unbelievably faster than ordinary
mortals.  We cannot consume alcohol.  It is only a tool of the force behind
the chaos which tries to destroy the balance Gaea created.  As humans, our
will-power restored itself much as our bodies do.  However, as wolves, we
must eat the freshly dead to restore our spirit.  But Gaea also sees fit
to give us a surge of healing when we eat, so that we can continue our
quest to protect the balance.

At the bottom of the page, someone has handscribbled a note.  It reads:
Come visit an old man, and keep him company.  I will gladly answer any
questions you ask, if I can.  To those who would find me, I am not far from
this thriving metropolis.  Leave the town by its western exit, and follow 
the river road south until you enter the safety of the forest.  Then look
for a clearing to the west along the northmost path.  I will be there
waiting.
								Signed,
								M-r-h?l
