Welcome to the Darkwind Arena! No more endless bashing on hapless
monsters even your grandmother can thrash. Here, you get real fights
against real players with real intelligences. But first, you need to
know how to conduct yourself in an arena battle....
  To start a battle, type "challenge <player>". If your foe types "accept"
within 30 seconds, the die is cast and the duel proceeds. Both players
are moved into their respective preparatory rooms from which an
exit leads into the battlefield proper. Note that you may only
leave the battlefield via the preparatory room you start in and the
other gladiator cannot enter it at any time.
  Now, all of this coolness doesn't come for free, the challenger has
to pay a cost based upon the combined levels of the two gladiators. Of
course, should the fight not come off, the entry fee is returned.
  Once in the arena, all restraints are removed and players may proceed
to use whatever tactics necessary to bring about their opponent's
downfall. The loser will not experience a real death, though both players
will lose any SP they expend during the battle.
  One may not quit in the arena or the preparatory rooms, though one can
"forfeit" while on the arena floor.
  The following safety features have been created for your safety. First,
when the battle is ended all combat and hunt status is clear as the players
are returned to the arena lobby. Any poisoned food or drink not present
on a player when a battle begins will cause a warning to be given to the
player. If the player is a Paladin then their warhorse's statistics will
be saved during the battle and restored when the battle ends. Any "standard"
Darkwind poisons, Black Lace poison, and disembowel wounds will be removed.
Be particularly cautious of any after effects of the battle beyond the ones
mentioned above. Blocking powers and such will eventually wear off.
  Please take note that with the exception of a warhorse, no pets are allowed
in the arena. You'll need to stable any other pets or give them to another
player. Also, if you're poisoned or currently suffering the effects of a
disembowel, then you'll have to wait those out before you can fight. If you
find a particularly bad one, please notify Memnoch and he'll see about adding
protection against it.

Viewing:
  The stands above the arena entrance will be serviced by reporters
who will bring news from all parts of the battlefield. Spectators
can also do remote looks at the rooms and at objects in the rooms.
They may also shout into the arena battlefield. There is also a command
"arenabattle" which can be used to tune into arena battles from anywhere
in Darkwind.

WARNING:
  The use of the arena is at the player's risk we've made every effort to
make it safe but there are endless combinations of powers and objects. If
you lose equipment in a battle then it's gone. That's the price you pay so
don't use your best stuff unless you want a Bard whistling it into oblivion.
However, stolen items, equipment, and money are expected to be returned to
the player. If they're not, the offending player will be banned from the
arena.
