Responsibilities for any Sponsor on DarkWind.
 
This file is the official policy on what we expect from sponsors
and their sponsorees.  From this point on, any person on DarkWind
that is a WIZARD or higher is expected to contribute to making
this place better.  For wizards, this means that you are going to
be required to code new areas or continually expand your existing
area.  Wizards who are unable to achieve this will be demoted back
to apprentice until a later time when they feel they are more up
to the task.
 
ARCH-WIZARDS and higher are the people in charge of sponsoring
new wizards and also to continually check on their sponorees
progress to ensure that they are in accordance with DarkWind's
rules.  Promotions and Demotions can and will result directly
from how well you perform this task.  If one of your sponsors
gets an area open, they will be entitled to a promotion.  Also
if those in charge of promotions (see below) felt hat you are
doing a satisfactory job in your work with your sponsorees,
the appropiate sponsor will also be entitled to a promotion.
If, on the other hand, the sponsor seems to be incapable of
keeping their sponsorees motivated or seems unwilling to help
their sponsorees with problems, both the wizard and his sponsor
will be subject to demotion.  Simply put, if your sponsoree isn't
doing their job, it means the sponsor isn't doing their job,
and BOTH will be demoted for their failures.  This Rule applys
to ANY sponsor.  You are not exampt from this just becasue you
are a DEMI.  If you do not do your job, you will be demoted.
The amount of demotions will be up to the appropriate individuals
(see below).
 
SAGE's are 100 percent in charge of promotions when it comes to
this area of sponsor/sponsoree relations.  When a wizard opens a new
quality area, they will be entitled to a promotion, and it will be
up to a SAGE to give that person their promotion.  If the SAGE feels
that the sponsor also has been doing a good job of keeping their
sponsorees motivated and working hard, then they will also be
eligible for a promotion.  Again the same is true for the opposite.
If a SAGE feels you are not doing a satisfactory job of teaching your
sponsor and keeping them motivated, then they have the ability and
authority to demote you as well.  There will be a standard interview
that a SAGE will conduct with each perspective sponsoree.  The results
of this interview will be posted to the AWIZ board, so that everyone
can look over the information and make an informed decision before
deciding to sponsor an individual.  This will ensure that the sponsoree
knows whats going to be required of him BEFORE they become a wizard,
and will make sure that the sponsor is comfortable with sponsering
the individual.  More details of this process will be posted at a
later time.
 
Under this policy it is very likely that some wizards will end up
being demoted back to an apprentice wizard.  Such an person is still
eligible to become a wizard at a later date, as long as they can find
a sponsor that is willing to take the risk with them.  It should also
be pointed out that if a sponsoree is demoted back to an apprentice,
this will look very bad on their sponsor who WILL receive a demotion
for their utter failure at their job.
 
Wizards are going to be expected to turn out code on a fairly steady
basis.  This doesn't mean a wizards has to code fifty rooms a week,
but it does mean that if a wizard in on the mud a fair percentage
of their time should be devoted to coding most every visit.  Being
a wizard is a responsibility, not a right.  Being a wizard means
being willing to take on the responsibilities that are placed on
you.  If a person feels that they are unable or unwilling to accept
those responsibilities then they should not become one in the first
place.
 
Sponsors: When you sponsor an APPRENTICE, you are saying that you
will be taking responsibility for what that person does.  Sponsoring
a person and then sending them off to learn on their own with only
a 'let me know if you have any questions' is not acceptable.  You
are expected to keep up with what the person is doing and if needed
give them some direction of they have started down the wrong path or
some motivation of they have started to stall.
 
Sponsorees: Are expected to learn LPC asap if they are new and begin
work on an area immediatily.  Their first area should be around
10 to 20 rooms in size with GOOD QUALITY room descriptions, objects
should follow all our rules with weapons and armour being auto-valued.
and other objects being reasonably priced as well.  Once this first
area is opened, the wizard should be constantly working to add to
and improve their area.  NOTHING will be put into the game withput the
sponsors approval.  If so, both the sponsor and sponsoree will be held
accountable for any problems that might arise.  Once a sponsoree has
asked to have his area checked, the sponsor needs to look at his area
within 24 hours of the request or make arrangements for someone else to
look it over.  If someone else looks the area over and approves it,
the actual sponsor will still be accountable for all its contents
even though someone else may have approved it.

If an Archwizard or above wishes to use a wizard on a special project,
it needs to be noted on the Archwizard board, and that note should be
left there through the completion of that project so that the Sages 
are aware of this fact.

If for some reason a wizard is going to be forced to leave for an
extended period of time, they are REQUIRED to inform their sponsor
about this before they leave, so that it can be appropiatily noted.
Wizards who leave for extened periods of time with no notice, will
be demoted appropiately for failure to fulfill their duties,
although under extenuating circumstances a wizard may petition to be
reinstated, and if it is decided that the reason was justified,
they will be re-instated.
 
