        Some notes concerning the Archangel Michael

   For some time now I have endeavored to learn of the mystery of
one of the Archangel Michael.  For millenia, he had served Mitra
with loyalty and zeal.  Something happened, however, that turned
him from the path of good.  What event caused the change remains
a mystery that I seek to unfold.  Meanwhile, I have composed these
notes to aid those brave adventurers who seek to convince Michael
to return to the path of righteousness.

   I often wander the dungeons of the foreboding fortress and have
been approached by many brave souls seeking a path to the evil
plane where Archangel Michael, now an Ordainer, resides.  This path
I open willingly if provided with the component that triggers the
Gate spell.

   However, I must interject a warning.  Do not assail the Bastion
Stair unless you are fully prepared to face the challenges that
await you there.  It is a plane of evil and death where demons
rule the living.  The power of a White Witch could aid you greatly
there.  Unfortunately, the only Witch of White known to me is poor
Regina, who has lost many of her memories.  Perhaps a way could be
found to restore those memories.  Indeed, I did locate a Sacred
Grove of the Witches of White, but its location I dare not tell
for to do so would compromise it to those who would destroy it.

   I myself traveled to the evil plane of the Bastion Stair several
times.  Each time, but the last, I was stymied by an immense wall
of skulls that surrounded the Bastion Stair.  On my last visit, I
crossed the wall by a most unusual means.  A small worm had
unaccountedly climbed into the pocket of my vest.  Where I had
picked up the strange creature, I know not.  When I took him from
my pocket, however, he grew to enormous size and burrowed a path
for me under the wall!

   There I stood.  The Bastion Stair rose thousands of feet into the
air before me.  Demons walked the courtyard that surrounded the stair.
Hiding myself with magic, I began to explore, making many notes.

   Now, as I sit in my study above the Scrollworks Scriptorium, I
study these notes again and again.  There is much horror at the
Bastion Stair which my current melancholy does not permit to put
to written word.  Of this, however, I will say.  Convincing the
Ordainer who was the Archangel Michael to return to the fold of
Mitra will not be easy.  You must first seek out the Book of Pious
Acts.  This too, is not an easy task for the book is not whole.  The
simple binding and several of the pages are missing.  Yet all, I
believe, may be found in the vicinity of the Bastion Stair for such
is the way of this magical tome.  Once you have gained the book and
found the binding and missing pages, you must assemble it and make
it whole.  What must be done with the book once it is assembled,
however, you must learn for yourself, for my research could no
uncover this mystery.


                                          Sir Lutra Canad
                                of the Scribes of Nomikos
