Some Notes compiled by Donagal McBain of the House McBain of his
learnings concerning the ancient armour of the King of Tmassah.

I have come to know these armours as the Desert Leathers, of which
there are five.  A fine helm formed into the shape of a dragon's head;
A coat emblazoned with the figure of a rearing dragon; A pair of
gauntlets of which I have learned little; A pair of rigid greaves; and A
fine pair of comfortable boots.

I have learned that it is not enough to simply possess all five of these
ancient armours.  Ney, the priests and priestesses of the Symbayan
people will not allow such power to fall into the hands of those not
worthy.  Upon gathering the five pieces, one must seek out a priest
or priestess to bless the items before they will gain their true power.

In my wanderings throughout Souvrael, I have attempted to
learn the whereabouts of the five pieces.  I have been only partially
successful.

Of the Fine Leather Coat:  Until very recently, the Coat of the King of
Tmassah was a prize possession of the Desert Dwarves in northern
Souvrael. However, the coat was stolen by marauding Thunes. Rumor 
has it that in their haste to return to their brethren, they vanished
beneath the sands and were never seen again.

Of the Dragon Helm:  Research in the City of Souvrael has led me to 
believe that halm was once a prized posession of a power Sultan
who often came to the city. On one trip, the henchmen of a powerful
desert Lord ambushed the Sultan as he returned home and spirited the
helm into the desert.

Of the Supple Leather Boots: In the ancient ruins of ancient Tmassah
I located an eldritch Suzerain Dragon.  For the price of simple opal,
she allowed me to converse with her for a time.  I learned that the
boots were given to her in trade long ago. Unfortunately, she couldn't
remember where they had disappeared to, though she did remark she hadn't
left South Souvrael for as long as she could remember.

Of the Rigid Greaves:  They were worn by a Symbayan warrior until but a
short time ago when the warrior disappeared.  He had been attempting to
retrieve the rest of these powerful objects, but on one excursion into
the desert, he was captured by a mysterious cult. Though he escaped, he
was never able to tell his story, nor the whereabouts of the greaves as
his tongue had been cut from his mouth and his fingers removed from his
hands.

Of the Supple Leather Gauntlets:  The gauntlets were worn by the Sultan
of Arabia, Shahriyar, for many years. On a hunting trip, he was separated
from his guards and became lost in the desert. While trying to find his
guards again, he removed the gauntlets and put them on the sand. While he
drank from his waterskin, a strange creature grabbed the gauntlets and
disappeared before he could stop it.

